My sister also mustered up the courage to tell you today.
I will support you in the future
Turtle soup in the kitchen
Make up for it later.
Oh, Sister Tan.
You're not saying this to raise the rent, are you?
How come?
Sister really likes you.
Sister Tan is really not like your feet
I also have something to tell you today.
I'm not going to rent these houses
I got a job
The annual salary is ten million
It turns out that you are a little white face who eats soft rice
What?
New shareholders move in today
Give me twelve points of spirit
As long as it is found that there is an image of a polluting group
Never let it in
Like this sack rapist
It looks like begging
What about you?
You figure it out first
I'm the president's natural bodyguard
Saying my identity will scare you to death